[Music]
i always wished i had a season just for
me it's always everybody else no
fair you see but sorry hot girls were
[Music]
winning
[Applause]
[Music]
stars
[Applause]
day
[Music]
[Applause]
y'all need to listen y'all
[Music]
i'm trying to fake it could you
understand that
they don't see it i'm trying to make it
the rides this summer killed 47 people
over over well over a billion dollars
worth of damage
it doesn't matter whether that felony
rioting happened
writing happened here at the capitol
it doesn't matter whether it happened in
portland
or chicago or atlanta
what you allow is what will continue
you either approve of the rioting that
happened this summer
and at the capitol or you don't
[Applause]
[Music]
down